theme = system
gtk-adwaita = false
gtk-titlebar = false

font-family = Berkeley Nerd Font
font-style = Regular
font-size = 18
font-thicken = false
font-synthetic-style = false
adjust-cell-width = -15%
#adjust-cell-height = 5%
bold-is-bright = true
selection-invert-fg-bg = false

cursor-opacity = 1
cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = false
mouse-hide-while-typing = true

window-decoration = false
window-padding-color = extend
window-padding-balance = true
window-padding-x = 5
window-padding-y = 5,2
resize-overlay = never
window-theme = ghostty
adw-toolbar-style = flat
# custom-shader = /home/pablo/.config/ghostty/shaders/glow-rgbsplit-twitchy.glsl

shell-integration = fish
shell-integration-features = no-cursor

confirm-close-surface = false
clipboard-paste-protection = false
clipboard-read = allow
clipboard-write = allow

# quick term
# keybind = ctrl+shift+t=toggle_quick_terminal
keybind = ctrl+slash=text:/
keybind = shift+ctrl+slash=text:?
